feat(android): UI events transactions (#4985)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/getting-started-primer/android.mdx

- [User Feedback](/platforms/android/enriching-events/user-feedback/) provides the ability to collect user information when an event occurs.
- [Performance Monitoring](/product/performance/) creates transactions for:
    - Android activity transactions

>     - User interaction transactions (view click, scroll, swipe, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - User interaction transactions (view click, scroll, swipe, and so on)
```
